### What did I learn while coding this project ?

> #
>
> - _What is Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)? Object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm(how we write and organize code) based on the concept of objects.,_
> - _We use objects to model or describe real word or abstract features. Objects may contain data(properties) and code(methods). By using objects, we pack data and the corresponding behavior into one block. In OOP, objects are self-contained pieces/blocks of code and objects are building blocks of applications, and interact with one another. This interactions happen through a public interface(API):methods that the code outside of the object can access and use to communicate with the object. ,_
> - _OOP was developed with the goal of organizing code to make it more flexible and easier to maintain(avoid "spaghetti code") ,_
> - _We use class to generate, create objects. Class can be thought as a blueprint which can then be used to create new objects based on the rules described in the class. We call all objects created through a class instances of that class. Class is just a plan and instance is a real object that we can use in our code which was created from a class. ,_
> - _**How do we actually design classes? How do we model real-word data into classes?** There are four fundamental OOP Principles that can guide us toward a good class implementation. These principles are abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism ,_
> - _**What is Abstraction?** Abstraction means to ignore or hide details that don't matter. This allows us to get an overview perspective of the thing we're implementing, instead of messing with details that don't really matter to our implementation. ,_
> - _**What is Encapsulation?** Encapsulation means to keep properties and methods private inside the class, so they are not accessible from outside of the class. Some methods can be exposed as a public interface which we call API. **Why private methods and properties exist?** Because that prevents external code from accidentally manipulating internal properties/state and allows us to change internal implementation without the risk of breaking external code. ,_
> - _**What is Inheritance?** Inheritance makes all properties and methods of a certain class available to a child class which forms a hierarchy between these two classes. This allows us to reuse common logic and to model real-word relationships.Child class extends parent class. Child class has some methods and properties from its parent and some of its own ,_
> - _**What is Polymorphism?** Polymorphism means "many shapes" . A child class can overwrite a method that it inherited from a parent class ,_
> - _**How does OOP actually work in Javascript?** All objects are linked to a certain prototype object. Each object has a prototype. The prototypes object contains methods and properties and all objects that are linked to that prototype can access and use. This behavior is usually called prototypal inheritance ,_
> - _**How is Prototypal Inheritance?** Prototypal Inheritance means all objects that are linked to a certain prototype object can use the methods and properties that are defined on that prototype. Objects inherit methods and properties from the prototype which is the reason why this mechanism is called prototypal Inheritance. The prototype contains methods(behavior) that are accessible to all objects linked to that prototype.Object behavior is delegated to the linked prototype object. Besides prototypal inheritance we also call this mechanism delegation. ,_
> - _In classical OOP, one class inheriting from another class.But in Javascsript basically an instance inheriting from a class. Objects delegate their behavior to the prototype. On the other hand, in the classical OOP with classes the behavior(methods) are copied from the class to all instances. ,_
> - _We can implement prototypal inheritance in Javascript with three ways. These are Constructor functions, ES6 Classes and Object.create() ,_
> - _**What is Constructor functions?** Constructor functions are a way of creating objects programmatically using a function which will also set the new object's prototype and this is actually how built-in objects like Arrays, Maps, Sets are implemented ,_
> - _**What is ES6 Classes?** ES6 classes are the more modern way of doing OOP in Javascript. They are called "Syntactic sugar" behind the scenes, ES6 classes work exactly like constructor functions. ES6 classes do not behave like classes in "classical OOP" And behind the scenes, ES6 classes are implemented with constructor functions. So they also use prototypal inheritance. ,_
> - _**What is Object.create()?** It is the easiest way of linking an object to a prototype object ,_
> - _When we call a constructor function with new keyword first a new empty object is created, second function is called and this keyword will be set this empty object(That is why constructor is defined with function expression or declaration not arrow function).The third step is this newly created object is linked to a prototype. The last step is that the object was created in the beginning is then automatically returned from the constructor function. ,_
> - _Every object and function has its own Prototype Object. So Constructor function has it own Prototype object which can be access via .prototype properties. When we create a new object first new empty object is created and and this keyword in constructor function is call set to the new object. The new object is linked (\_\_proto\_\_ property) to constructor functions prototype property. The new object is returned from the constructor function call. ,_
>
> - _**How does the prototype chain work?** When we try to access a property or method in object if it doesn't be found in objects then search is done in its Prototype.If it again doesn't be found in its Prototype object the searching is being continued to its prototype object. Constructor's prototypes is an object so it has its own Object.prototype object that is Object() constructor functions prototype property. And its \_\_proto\_\_property is set to null. That searching is called "Prototype Chain" ,_
> - _Classes are not hoisted and they are first-class citizens( we can pass them into functions and return them from functions). Classes are executed in strict mode. ,_
>
> #
