### What did I learn while coding this project ?

> #
>
> - _**What is Synchronous code in Javascript?** Synchronous code is executed line by line. Each line of code waits for previous line to finish. Long-running operations block code execution. ,_
> - _**What is Asynchronous code in Javascript?** Asynchronous means not occurring at the same time, it means coordinating behavior of a program over a period of time. Asynchronous code is executed after a task that runs in the "background" finishes. Asynchronous code is non-blocking and execution doesn't wait for an asynchronous task to finish its work. Callback functions by themselves don't make code asychronous. The matter is which event is used. We defer an action into the future making the code asynchronous and non-blocking ,_
> - _**What is AJAX?** **A**synchronous **J**avascript **A**nd **X**ML: Allows us to communicate with remote web servers in an asynchronous way. With AJAX calls, we can request data from web servers dynamically. ,_
> - _**What is an API?** **A**pplication **P**rogramming **I**nterface : Piece of software that can be used by another piece of software, in order to allow applications to talk each other and exchange information. ,_
> - _**What is DNS?** DNS stands for domain name server and domain name servers are special kind of server. DNS server matchs the web address of the URL to the server's real IP address. The domain is not the real address and that a DNS will convert the domain to the real IP address. And then TCP socket connection is established between the browser and the serve for the entire time that it takes to transfer all files of the Website or all data ,_
> - _**What is TCP and IP?** TCP is the Transmission Control Protocol and IP is the Internet Protocol and together they are communication protocols that define exactly how data travels across the Web. They are the Internet's fundamental control system.They set the rules about how data moves on the Internet,_
> - _TCP breaks the requests and responses down into thousands of small chunks called packets before they are sent. Once the samll packets arrieve at final destination TCP will reassemble all the packets into the original request or response so that each packet can take a different route through the Internet because this way the message arrives at the destination as quick as possible which would not be possible if we sent the entire data simply as a big chunk. ,_
> - _IP protocol sends and routes these packets through the Internet. It ensures that they arrive at the destination they should go using IP addresses on each packet. ,_
> - _**What is HTTP request?** HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. It allows clients and Web servers to communicate. That works by sending requests and response messages from client to server and back. The request message consist of start line, request headers, request body. Start line contains the HTTP method that is used in the request, request target and the HTTP version. Request header contains some information about the request itself. Request body contains the data that we are sending (coming from an HTML form) ,_
> - _HTTP response consist of start line, response headers, response body. Start line contains HTTP version, status code and status message. Status code and message are used to let the client know whether the request has been successful or failed. The response headers are information about the response itself. response body contains the JSON data coming back from an API or the HTML of the Web page that we requested. ,_
> - _**What is Promise?** Promise is an object that is used as an placeholder for the future result of an asynchronous operation. Promise is a container for an asynchronously delivered value. When we start the AJAX call there is no value yet there will be some value in the future so we can use a promise to handle this future value ,_
> - _**What is the advantage of using Promises?** First by using promises we no longer need to rely on events and callback functions to handle asynchronous results. Sometimes events and callback functions can cause unpredictable results. Second we can chain promises for a sequence of asynchronous operations: escaping callback hell ,_
> - _Promises are time sensitive, they change over time. So promises can be in different states. At the beginnig a promise is pending. This is before any value resulting from the asynchronous task is available. During this time asynchronous task is still running in the background then the task finally finishes the promise is settled and there are two different types of settled promises: fulfilled and rejected promises. Fulfilled promise is a promise that has successfully resulted in a value just as we expect it.Rejected promise means there has been an error during the asynchronous task.,_
> - _ usage of then() in Promise,_
> - _ usage of catch() and finally() in Promise,_
> - _Callbacks of promises have a special queue for themselves, which is the so called microtasks queue. Microtasks queue has a priority over the callback queue. Microtasks queue is named after promis's microtasks. ,_
>
> #
