### What did I learn while coding this project ?

> #
>
> - _Javascript is a high level, garbage collected, interpreted or just-in-time compiled, multi-paradigm, prototype-based object-oriented, first-class functions, Dynamic, Single-threaded, Non-blocking event loop concurrency model. ,_
> - _Every Javascript engine includes a call stack and heap.The Call Stack is actually where our code is executed using something called execution contexts. The Heap is an unstructured memory pool which stores all the objects that our application needs ,_
> - _What does compilation mean? Entire code is converted into machine code at once, and written to a binary file that can be executed by a computer.And this machine code is then written into a portable file that can be executed on any computer. Execution can happen way after compilation.It consist of two steps: Compilation and execution ,_
> - _What does interpretation mean? Interpreter runs through the source code and executes it line by line.Code is read and executed all at the same time. It consist of one step:Execution line by line.For executioning the code code should be converted to machine code. It happens right before it's executed,_
> - _What does just-in-time(JIT) compilation mean? Entire code is converted into machine code at once, then executed immediately.This machine code is not a portable file and after compilation execution happens immediately ,_
> - _How does Javascript Engine work? At first code is parsed into a data structure called the abstract syntax tree or AST(Parsing Step). And then the generated AST compiles into machine code(Compilation Step).And this machine code get executed right away. Modern javascript engine use just-in-time compilation(Execution). Execution happens in the javascript engines call stack. Also javascript engine have some optimization strategies. It want to be able to execute code immediately, So while it was executing machine code meanwhile the machine code being optimized and recompiled during the program execution. After each optimization the unoptimized code is swept with optimized code,_
> - _What is Javascript Runtime? It is a container box which is including all the things that we need to use Javascript. Javascript Runtime consist of Javascript Engine(Heap + Call Stack), WEB APIs, Callback Queue ,_
> - _What is WEB APIs? WEB APIs(DOM, Fetch API, Timers, vs.) are functionalities provided to the engine but they aren't part of the Javascript language itself , they are part of Javascript Runtime. Javascript gets access to these APIs through the global window object. ,_
> - _What is Callback Queue? It is a data structure that contains all the callback functions that are ready to be executed. When call stack is empty, the callback function is passed to the stack so that it can be executed. This is called the event loop.The Event Loop takes callback functions from the callback queue and puts them in the call stack so they can be executed,_
>   _What the difference between Javascript Runtime in Browser, Javascript Runtime in Node.js? Node.js Runtime also has JS Engine(Heap + Call Stack), Callback Queue but doesn't have WEB APIs. Because WEB APIs are provided by Browser. Instead of WEB APIs Node.js has C++ bindings and thread pool ,_
>
> #
